Help wanted (#432)
SciML/JumpProcesses.jl: README.md

  - [a FAQ](https://docs.sciml.ai/JumpProcesses/stable/faq) with information on changing parameters between simulations and using callbacks,
  - [the JumpProcesses.jl API documentation](https://docs.sciml.ai/JumpProcesses/stable/api/).

> ## Help wanted
> Post in the [`Help wanted`](https://github.com/SciML/JumpProcesses.jl/issues/431) issue or pick any PR and give it a review. Contributions, no matter how small, are always welcome and appreciated, 
> including reviewing PRs and documentation writing. See the [contribution section](#contributing-and-getting-help).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contributions welcomed!
Contact us in sciml-bridged on Slack to discuss where to get started, the [`Help wanted`](https://github.com/SciML/JumpProcesses.jl/issues/431) issue, or just open a PR to address an open issue or add new functionality. Contributions, no matter how small, are always welcome and appreciated, 
including documentation editing/writing. See also the [contribution section](#contributing-and-getting-help).

```
